.TH "include/antlr3collections.h" 3 "29 Nov 2010" "Version 3.3" "ANTLR3C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
include/antlr3collections.h \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <antlr3defs.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <antlr3bitset.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBANTLR3_HASH_BUCKET_struct\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIInternal structure of a hash table bucket, which tracks all keys that hash to the same bucket. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBANTLR3_HASH_ENTRY_struct\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIInternal structure representing an element in a hash bucket. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBANTLR3_HASH_ENUM_struct\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIInternal structure representing an enumeration of a table. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBANTLR3_HASH_KEY_struct\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBANTLR3_HASH_TABLE_struct\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStructure that tracks a hash table. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBANTLR3_INT_TRIE_NODE_struct\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStructure that defines an element/node in an ANTLR3_INT_TRIE. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBANTLR3_INT_TRIE_struct\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStructure that defines an ANTLR3_INT_TRIE. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBANTLR3_LIST_struct\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStructure that represents a LIST collection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBANTLR3_STACK_struct\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStructure that represents a Stack collection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBANTLR3_TOPO_struct\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA topological sort system that given a set of dependencies of a node m on node n, can sort them in dependency order. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBANTLR3_TRIE_ENTRY_struct\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStructure that holds the payload entry in an ANTLR3_INT_TRIE or ANTLR3_STRING_TRIE. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBANTLR3_VECTOR_ELEMENT_struct\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBANTLR3_VECTOR_FACTORY_struct\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStructure that tracks vectors in a vector and auto deletes the vectors in the vector factory when closed. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBANTLR3_VECTOR_struct\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBANTLR3_FACTORY_VPOOL_SIZE\fP   256"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault vector pool size if otherwise unspecified. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBANTLR3_HASH_TYPE_INT\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fIIndicates the hashed file has integer keys. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBANTLR3_HASH_TYPE_STR\fP   1"
.br
.RI "\fIIndicates the hashed file has numeric keys. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBANTLR3_VECTOR_INTERNAL_SIZE\fP   16"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_HASH_BUCKET_struct\fP \fBANTLR3_HASH_BUCKET\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_HASH_ENTRY_struct\fP \fBANTLR3_HASH_ENTRY\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_HASH_ENUM_struct\fP \fBANTLR3_HASH_ENUM\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_HASH_KEY_struct\fP \fBANTLR3_HASH_KEY\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_HASH_TABLE_struct\fP \fBANTLR3_HASH_TABLE\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_INT_TRIE_struct\fP \fBANTLR3_INT_TRIE\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_INT_TRIE_NODE_struct\fP \fBANTLR3_INT_TRIE_NODE\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_LIST_struct\fP \fBANTLR3_LIST\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_STACK_struct\fP \fBANTLR3_STACK\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_TOPO_struct\fP \fBANTLR3_TOPO\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_TRIE_ENTRY_struct\fP \fBANTLR3_TRIE_ENTRY\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_VECTOR_struct\fP \fBANTLR3_VECTOR\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_VECTOR_ELEMENT_struct\fP \fBANTLR3_VECTOR_ELEMENT\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_VECTOR_FACTORY_struct\fP \fBANTLR3_VECTOR_FACTORY\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_HASH_KEY_struct\fP * \fBpANTLR3_HASH_KEY\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_INT_TRIE_NODE_struct\fP * \fBpANTLR3_INT_TRIE_NODE\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_TRIE_ENTRY_struct\fP * \fBpANTLR3_TRIE_ENTRY\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_VECTOR_ELEMENT_struct\fP * \fBpANTLR3_VECTOR_ELEMENT\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define ANTLR3_FACTORY_VPOOL_SIZE   256"
.PP
Default vector pool size if otherwise unspecified. 
.PP
Referenced by closeVectorFactory(), newPool(), and newVector().
.SS "#define ANTLR3_HASH_TYPE_INT   0"
.PP
Indicates the hashed file has integer keys. 
.PP
Referenced by antlr3HashPutI(), and memoize().
.SS "#define ANTLR3_HASH_TYPE_STR   1"
.PP
Indicates the hashed file has numeric keys. 
.PP
Referenced by antlr3HashFree(), antlr3HashPut(), freeIntNode(), getRuleMemoization(), and intTrieAdd().
.SS "#define ANTLR3_VECTOR_INTERNAL_SIZE   16"
.PP
Referenced by antlr3SetVectorApi(), antlr3VectorFactoryNew(), antlr3VectorFree(), antlr3VectorResize(), closeVectorFactory(), and newVector().
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_HASH_BUCKET_struct\fP
     \fBANTLR3_HASH_BUCKET\fP"
.PP
.SS "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_HASH_ENTRY_struct\fP
     \fBANTLR3_HASH_ENTRY\fP"
.PP
.SS "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_HASH_ENUM_struct\fP
     \fBANTLR3_HASH_ENUM\fP"
.PP
.SS "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_HASH_KEY_struct\fP  \fBANTLR3_HASH_KEY\fP"
.PP
.SS "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_HASH_TABLE_struct\fP
     \fBANTLR3_HASH_TABLE\fP"
.PP
.SS "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_INT_TRIE_struct\fP
     \fBANTLR3_INT_TRIE\fP"
.PP
.SS "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_INT_TRIE_NODE_struct\fP
     \fBANTLR3_INT_TRIE_NODE\fP"
.PP
.SS "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_LIST_struct\fP
     \fBANTLR3_LIST\fP"
.PP
.SS "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_STACK_struct\fP
     \fBANTLR3_STACK\fP"
.PP
.SS "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_TOPO_struct\fP
     \fBANTLR3_TOPO\fP"
.PP
.SS "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_TRIE_ENTRY_struct\fP
 \fBANTLR3_TRIE_ENTRY\fP"
.PP
.SS "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_VECTOR_struct\fP
     \fBANTLR3_VECTOR\fP"
.PP
.SS "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_VECTOR_ELEMENT_struct\fP
     \fBANTLR3_VECTOR_ELEMENT\fP"
.PP
.SS "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_VECTOR_FACTORY_struct\fP
 \fBANTLR3_VECTOR_FACTORY\fP"
.PP
.SS "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_HASH_KEY_struct\fP * \fBpANTLR3_HASH_KEY\fP"
.PP
.SS "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_INT_TRIE_NODE_struct\fP *  \fBpANTLR3_INT_TRIE_NODE\fP"
.PP
.SS "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_TRIE_ENTRY_struct\fP *  \fBpANTLR3_TRIE_ENTRY\fP"
.PP
.SS "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_VECTOR_ELEMENT_struct\fP * \fBpANTLR3_VECTOR_ELEMENT\fP"
.PP
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ANTLR3C from the source code.
