.TH "ANTLR3_PARSE_TREE_struct" 3 "29 Nov 2010" "Version 3.3" "ANTLR3C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ANTLR3_PARSE_TREE_struct \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <antlr3parsetree.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP \fBbaseTree\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAn encapsulated BASE TREE strcuture (NOT a pointer) that perfoms a lot of the dirty work of node management. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP(* \fBdupNode\fP )(struct \fBANTLR3_PARSE_TREE_struct\fP *tree)"
.br
.RI "\fIHow to dup this node. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void(* \fBfree\fP )(struct \fBANTLR3_PARSE_TREE_struct\fP *tree)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP(* \fBgetType\fP )(struct \fBANTLR3_PARSE_TREE_struct\fP *tree)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the type of this node. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void * \fBpayload\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe payload that the parse tree node passes around. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void * \fBsuper\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAny interface that implements methods in this interface may need to point back to itself using this pointer to its super structure. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpANTLR3_STRING\fP(* \fBtoString\fP )(struct \fBANTLR3_PARSE_TREE_struct\fP *\fBpayload\fP)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the string representation of the payload (must be installed when the payload is added and point to a function that knwos how to manifest a pANTLR3_STRING from a node. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP \fBANTLR3_PARSE_TREE_struct::baseTree\fP"
.PP
An encapsulated BASE TREE strcuture (NOT a pointer) that perfoms a lot of the dirty work of node management. 
.PP
.SS "\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP(* \fBANTLR3_PARSE_TREE_struct::dupNode\fP)(struct \fBANTLR3_PARSE_TREE_struct\fP *tree)"
.PP
How to dup this node. 
.PP
.SS "void(* \fBANTLR3_PARSE_TREE_struct::free\fP)(struct \fBANTLR3_PARSE_TREE_struct\fP *tree)"
.PP
.SS "\fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP(* \fBANTLR3_PARSE_TREE_struct::getType\fP)(struct \fBANTLR3_PARSE_TREE_struct\fP *tree)"
.PP
Return the type of this node. 
.PP
.SS "void* \fBANTLR3_PARSE_TREE_struct::payload\fP"
.PP
The payload that the parse tree node passes around. 
.PP
.SS "void* \fBANTLR3_PARSE_TREE_struct::super\fP"
.PP
Any interface that implements methods in this interface may need to point back to itself using this pointer to its super structure. 
.PP
.SS "\fBpANTLR3_STRING\fP(* \fBANTLR3_PARSE_TREE_struct::toString\fP)(struct \fBANTLR3_PARSE_TREE_struct\fP *\fBpayload\fP)"
.PP
Return the string representation of the payload (must be installed when the payload is added and point to a function that knwos how to manifest a pANTLR3_STRING from a node. 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ANTLR3C from the source code.
