.TH "ANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct" 3 "29 Nov 2010" "Version 3.3" "ANTLR3C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <antlr3string.h>\fP
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition of the string factory interface, which creates and tracks strings for you of various shapes and sizes. 
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void(* \fBclose\fP )(struct \fBANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct\fP *factory)"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to function that closes the factory. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void(* \fBdestroy\fP )(struct \fBANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct\fP *factory, \fBpANTLR3_STRING\fP string)"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to function that deletes the string altogether. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP \fBindex\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpANTLR3_STRING\fP(* \fBnewPtr\fP )(struct \fBANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct\fP *factory, \fBpANTLR3_UINT8\fP string, \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP size)"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to function that manufactures a string from a given pointer and length. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpANTLR3_STRING\fP(* \fBnewPtr8\fP )(struct \fBANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct\fP *factory, \fBpANTLR3_UINT8\fP string, \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP size)"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to function that manufactures a string from a given pointer and length. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpANTLR3_STRING\fP(* \fBnewRaw\fP )(struct \fBANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct\fP *factory)"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to function that manufactures an empty string. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpANTLR3_STRING\fP(* \fBnewSize\fP )(struct \fBANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct\fP *factory, \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP size)"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to function that manufactures a raw string with no text in it but space for size characters. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpANTLR3_STRING\fP(* \fBnewStr\fP )(struct \fBANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct\fP *factory, \fBpANTLR3_UINT8\fP string)"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to function that manufactures a string from a given pointer and works out the length. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpANTLR3_STRING\fP(* \fBnewStr8\fP )(struct \fBANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct\fP *factory, \fBpANTLR3_UINT8\fP string)"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to function that manufactures a string from a given pointer and length. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpANTLR3_STRING\fP(* \fBprintable\fP )(struct \fBANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct\fP *factory, \fBpANTLR3_STRING\fP string)"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to function that returns a copy of the string in printable form without any control characters in it. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpANTLR3_VECTOR\fP \fBstrings\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIList of all the strings that have been allocated by the factory. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void(* \fBANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct::close\fP)(struct \fBANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct\fP *factory)"
.PP
Pointer to function that closes the factory. 
.PP
Referenced by antlr3InputClose(), and antlr3StringFactoryNew().
.SS "void(* \fBANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct::destroy\fP)(struct \fBANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct\fP *factory, \fBpANTLR3_STRING\fP string)"
.PP
Pointer to function that deletes the string altogether. 
.PP
Referenced by antlr3StringFactoryNew().
.SS "\fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP \fBANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct::index\fP"
.PP
Referenced by antlr3StringFactoryNew(), destroy(), newRaw8(), and newRawUTF16().
.SS "\fBpANTLR3_STRING\fP(* \fBANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct::newPtr\fP)(struct \fBANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct\fP *factory, \fBpANTLR3_UINT8\fP string, \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP size)"
.PP
Pointer to function that manufactures a string from a given pointer and length. 
.PP
The pointer is assumed to point to characters in the same encoding as the string type, hence if this is a UTF16 string the pointer should point to UTF16 characters. 
.PP
Referenced by antlr38BitSubstr(), antlr3StringFactoryNew(), antlr3UTF16Substr(), antlr3UTF32Substr(), createTokenFromToken(), newStrUTF16_UTF16(), subString8(), subStringUTF16(), toString(), and toUTF8_8().
.SS "\fBpANTLR3_STRING\fP(* \fBANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct::newPtr8\fP)(struct \fBANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct\fP *factory, \fBpANTLR3_UINT8\fP string, \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP size)"
.PP
Pointer to function that manufactures a string from a given pointer and length. 
.PP
The pointer is assumed to point at 8 bit characters which must be converted on the fly to the encoding of the actual string. 
.PP
Referenced by antlr3StringFactoryNew(), newStr8(), and newStrUTF16_8().
.SS "\fBpANTLR3_STRING\fP(* \fBANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct::newRaw\fP)(struct \fBANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct\fP *factory)"
.PP
Pointer to function that manufactures an empty string. 
.PP
Referenced by antlr3StringFactoryNew(), newSize8(), newSizeUTF16(), toString(), toStringSS(), and toStringTree().
.SS "\fBpANTLR3_STRING\fP(* \fBANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct::newSize\fP)(struct \fBANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct\fP *factory, \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP size)"
.PP
Pointer to function that manufactures a raw string with no text in it but space for size characters. 
.PP
Referenced by antlr3StringFactoryNew(), newPtr8(), newPtrUTF16_8(), newPtrUTF16_UTF16(), printable8(), printableUTF16(), serializeNode(), and serializeToken().
.SS "\fBpANTLR3_STRING\fP(* \fBANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct::newStr\fP)(struct \fBANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct\fP *factory, \fBpANTLR3_UINT8\fP string)"
.PP
Pointer to function that manufactures a string from a given pointer and works out the length. 
.PP
The pointer is assumed to point to characters in the same encoding as the string itself, i.e. UTF16 if a UTF16 string and so on. 
.PP
Referenced by antlr38BitReuse(), and antlr3StringFactoryNew().
.SS "\fBpANTLR3_STRING\fP(* \fBANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct::newStr8\fP)(struct \fBANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct\fP *factory, \fBpANTLR3_UINT8\fP string)"
.PP
Pointer to function that manufactures a string from a given pointer and length. 
.PP
The pointer should point to 8 bit characters regardless of the actual encoding of the string. The 8 bit characters will be converted to the actual string encoding on the fly. 
.PP
Referenced by antlr3FileStreamNew(), antlr3StringFactoryNew(), antlr3StringStreamNew(), getText(), makeDot(), and toUTF8_UTF16().
.SS "\fBpANTLR3_STRING\fP(* \fBANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct::printable\fP)(struct \fBANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct\fP *factory, \fBpANTLR3_STRING\fP string)"
.PP
Pointer to function that returns a copy of the string in printable form without any control characters in it. 
.PP
Referenced by antlr3StringFactoryNew().
.SS "\fBpANTLR3_VECTOR\fP \fBANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct::strings\fP"
.PP
List of all the strings that have been allocated by the factory. 
.PP
Referenced by antlr3StringFactoryNew(), closeFactory(), destroy(), newRaw8(), and newRawUTF16().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ANTLR3C from the source code.
