.TH "include/antlr3rewritestreams.h" 3 "29 Nov 2010" "Version 3.3" "ANTLR3C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
include/antlr3rewritestreams.h \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <antlr3defs.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <antlr3collections.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <antlr3commontreeadaptor.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <antlr3baserecognizer.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBANTLR3_REWRITE_RULE_ELEMENT_STREAM_struct\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA generic list of elements tracked in an alternative to be used in a -> rewrite rule. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_REWRITE_RULE_ELEMENT_STREAM_struct\fP \fBANTLR3_REWRITE_RULE_ELEMENT_STREAM\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_REWRITE_RULE_ELEMENT_STREAM_struct\fP \fBANTLR3_REWRITE_RULE_NODE_STREAM\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is an implementation of a node stream, which is basically an element stream that deals with tree nodes only. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_REWRITE_RULE_ELEMENT_STREAM_struct\fP \fBANTLR3_REWRITE_RULE_SUBTREE_STREAM\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is an implementation of a subtree stream which is a set of trees modelled as an element stream. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_REWRITE_RULE_ELEMENT_STREAM_struct\fP \fBANTLR3_REWRITE_RULE_TOKEN_STREAM\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is an implementation of a token stream, which is basically an element stream that deals with tokens only. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_REWRITE_RULE_ELEMENT_STREAM_struct\fP
     \fBANTLR3_REWRITE_RULE_ELEMENT_STREAM\fP"
.PP
.SS "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_REWRITE_RULE_ELEMENT_STREAM_struct\fP \fBANTLR3_REWRITE_RULE_NODE_STREAM\fP"
.PP
This is an implementation of a node stream, which is basically an element stream that deals with tree nodes only. 
.PP
.SS "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_REWRITE_RULE_ELEMENT_STREAM_struct\fP \fBANTLR3_REWRITE_RULE_SUBTREE_STREAM\fP"
.PP
This is an implementation of a subtree stream which is a set of trees modelled as an element stream. 
.PP
.SS "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_REWRITE_RULE_ELEMENT_STREAM_struct\fP \fBANTLR3_REWRITE_RULE_TOKEN_STREAM\fP"
.PP
This is an implementation of a token stream, which is basically an element stream that deals with tokens only. 
.PP
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ANTLR3C from the source code.
