.TH "ANTLR3_LEX_STATE_struct" 3 "29 Nov 2010" "Version 3.3" "ANTLR3C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ANTLR3_LEX_STATE_struct \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <antlr3input.h>\fP
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Structure for track lex input states as part of \fBmark()\fP and rewind() of lexer. 
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBANTLR3_INT32\fP \fBcharPositionInLine\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe offset within the current line of the current character. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void * \fBcurrentLine\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer into the input buffer where the current line started. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP \fBline\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe line number we are traversing in the input file. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void * \fBnextChar\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to the next character to be consumed from the input data This is cast to point at the encoding of the original file that was read by the functions installed as pointer in this input stream context instance at file/string/whatever load time. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBANTLR3_INT32\fP \fBANTLR3_LEX_STATE_struct::charPositionInLine\fP"
.PP
The offset within the current line of the current character. 
.PP
Referenced by antlr38BitMark(), and antlr38BitRewind().
.SS "void* \fBANTLR3_LEX_STATE_struct::currentLine\fP"
.PP
Pointer into the input buffer where the current line started. 
.PP
Referenced by antlr38BitMark(), and antlr38BitRewind().
.SS "\fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP \fBANTLR3_LEX_STATE_struct::line\fP"
.PP
The line number we are traversing in the input file. 
.PP
This gets incremented by a newline() call in the lexer grammer actions. 
.PP
Referenced by antlr38BitMark(), and antlr38BitRewind().
.SS "void* \fBANTLR3_LEX_STATE_struct::nextChar\fP"
.PP
Pointer to the next character to be consumed from the input data This is cast to point at the encoding of the original file that was read by the functions installed as pointer in this input stream context instance at file/string/whatever load time. 
.PP
Referenced by antlr38BitMark(), and antlr38BitRewind().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ANTLR3C from the source code.
