.TH "include/antlr3filestream.h" 3 "29 Nov 2010" "Version 3.3" "ANTLR3C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
include/antlr3filestream.h \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <antlr3defs.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ANTLR3_API void \fBantlr3Fclose\fP (\fBANTLR3_FDSC\fP fd)"
.br
.RI "\fIClose an operating system file and free any handles etc. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "ANTLR3_API \fBANTLR3_FDSC\fP \fBantlr3Fopen\fP (\fBpANTLR3_UINT8\fP filename, const char *mode)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpen an operating system file and return the descriptor We just use the common open() and related functions here. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "ANTLR3_API \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP \fBantlr3Fread\fP (\fBANTLR3_FDSC\fP fdsc, \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP count, void *data)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ANTLR3_API \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP \fBantlr3Fsize\fP (\fBpANTLR3_UINT8\fP filename)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ANTLR3_API \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP \fBantlr3read8Bit\fP (\fBpANTLR3_INPUT_STREAM\fP input, \fBpANTLR3_UINT8\fP fileName)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ANTLR3_API void antlr3Fclose (\fBANTLR3_FDSC\fP fd)"
.PP
Close an operating system file and free any handles etc. 
.PP
Referenced by antlr3read8Bit().
.SS "ANTLR3_API \fBANTLR3_FDSC\fP antlr3Fopen (\fBpANTLR3_UINT8\fP filename, const char * mode)"
.PP
Open an operating system file and return the descriptor We just use the common open() and related functions here. 
.PP
Later we might find better ways on systems such as Windows and OpenVMS for instance. But the idea is to read the while file at once anyway, so it may be irrelevant. 
.PP
Referenced by antlr3read8Bit().
.SS "ANTLR3_API \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP antlr3Fread (\fBANTLR3_FDSC\fP fdsc, \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP count, void * data)"
.PP
Referenced by antlr3read8Bit().
.SS "ANTLR3_API \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP antlr3Fsize (\fBpANTLR3_UINT8\fP filename)"
.PP
References _stat.
.PP
Referenced by antlr3read8Bit().
.SS "ANTLR3_API \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP antlr3read8Bit (\fBpANTLR3_INPUT_STREAM\fP input, \fBpANTLR3_UINT8\fP fileName)"
.PP
References ANTLR3_ERR_NOFILE, ANTLR3_ERR_NOMEM, ANTLR3_MALLOC, ANTLR3_SUCCESS, ANTLR3_TRUE, antlr3Fclose(), antlr3Fopen(), antlr3Fread(), antlr3Fsize(), ANTLR3_INPUT_STREAM_struct::data, ANTLR3_INPUT_STREAM_struct::isAllocated, and ANTLR3_INPUT_STREAM_struct::sizeBuf.
.PP
Referenced by antlr3CreateFileStream().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ANTLR3C from the source code.
