.TH "include/antlr3bitset.h" 3 "29 Nov 2010" "Version 3.3" "ANTLR3C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
include/antlr3bitset.h \- 
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Defines the basic structures of an ANTLR3 bitset. 

this is a C version of the cut down Bitset class provided with the java version of antlr 3. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <antlr3defs.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <antlr3collections.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBANTLR3_BITSET_LIST_struct\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBANTLR3_BITSET_struct\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBANTLR3_BITSET_BITS\fP   64"
.br
.RI "\fIHow many bits in the elements. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBANTLR3_BITSET_LOG_BITS\fP   6"
.br
.RI "\fIlog2 of ANTLR3_BITSET_BITS 2^ANTLR3_BITSET_LOG_BITS = ANTLR3_BITSET_BITS \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBANTLR3_BITSET_MOD_MASK\fP   ANTLR3_BITSET_BITS - 1"
.br
.RI "\fIWe will often need to do a mod operator (i mod nbits). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBANTLR3_BITSET_NIBBLE\fP   4"
.br
.RI "\fIHow many bits in a nible of bits. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_BITSET_struct\fP \fBANTLR3_BITSET\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_BITSET_LIST_struct\fP \fBANTLR3_BITSET_LIST\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define ANTLR3_BITSET_BITS   64"
.PP
How many bits in the elements. 
.PP
Referenced by antlr3BitsetClone(), antlr3BitsetNew(), and antlr3BitsetSize().
.SS "#define ANTLR3_BITSET_LOG_BITS   6"
.PP
log2 of ANTLR3_BITSET_BITS 2^ANTLR3_BITSET_LOG_BITS = ANTLR3_BITSET_BITS 
.PP
Referenced by antlr3BitsetNew(), antlr3BitsetNumBits(), numWordsToHold(), and wordNumber().
.SS "#define ANTLR3_BITSET_MOD_MASK   ANTLR3_BITSET_BITS - 1"
.PP
We will often need to do a mod operator (i mod nbits). 
.PP
For powers of two, this mod operation is the same as:
.IP "\(bu" 2
(i & (nbits-1)).
.PP
.PP
Since mod is relatively slow, we use an easily precomputed mod mask to do the mod instead. 
.PP
Referenced by bitMask().
.SS "#define ANTLR3_BITSET_NIBBLE   4"
.PP
How many bits in a nible of bits. 
.PP
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_BITSET_struct\fP
     \fBANTLR3_BITSET\fP"
.PP
.SS "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_BITSET_LIST_struct\fP
	 \fBANTLR3_BITSET_LIST\fP"
.PP
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ANTLR3C from the source code.
