.TH "src/antlr3treeparser.c" 3 "29 Nov 2010" "Version 3.3" "ANTLR3C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
src/antlr3treeparser.c \- 
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Implementation of the tree parser and overrides for the base recognizer. 


.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <antlr3treeparser.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ANTLR3_API void \fBantlr3MTNExceptionNew\fP (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_RECOGNIZER\fP recognizer)"
.br
.RI "\fICreates a new Mismatched Tree Nde Exception and inserts in the recognizer exception stack. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "ANTLR3_API \fBpANTLR3_TREE_PARSER\fP \fBantlr3TreeParserNewStream\fP (\fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP sizeHint, \fBpANTLR3_COMMON_TREE_NODE_STREAM\fP ctnstream, \fBpANTLR3_RECOGNIZER_SHARED_STATE\fP state)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBfreeParser\fP (\fBpANTLR3_TREE_PARSER\fP parser)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void * \fBgetCurrentInputSymbol\fP (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_RECOGNIZER\fP recognizer, \fBpANTLR3_INT_STREAM\fP istream)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void * \fBgetMissingSymbol\fP (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_RECOGNIZER\fP recognizer, \fBpANTLR3_INT_STREAM\fP istream, \fBpANTLR3_EXCEPTION\fP e, \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP expectedTokenType, \fBpANTLR3_BITSET_LIST\fP follow)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBpANTLR3_COMMON_TREE_NODE_STREAM\fP \fBgetTreeNodeStream\fP (\fBpANTLR3_TREE_PARSER\fP parser)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn a pointer to the input stream. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBmismatch\fP (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_RECOGNIZER\fP recognizer, \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP ttype, \fBpANTLR3_BITSET_LIST\fP follow)"
.br
.RI "\fIOverride for standard base recognizer mismatch function as we have DOWN/UP nodes in the stream that have no line info, plus we want to alter the exception type. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBsetTreeNodeStream\fP (\fBpANTLR3_TREE_PARSER\fP parser, \fBpANTLR3_COMMON_TREE_NODE_STREAM\fP input)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the input stream and reset the parser. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ANTLR3_API void antlr3MTNExceptionNew (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_RECOGNIZER\fP recognizer)"
.PP
Creates a new Mismatched Tree Nde Exception and inserts in the recognizer exception stack. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIrecognizer\fP Context pointer for this recognizer 
.RE
.PP

.PP
References ANTLR3_MISMATCHED_TREE_NODE_EXCEPTION, ANTLR3_MISMATCHED_TREE_NODE_NAME, antlr3RecognitionExceptionNew(), ANTLR3_RECOGNIZER_SHARED_STATE_struct::exception, ANTLR3_EXCEPTION_struct::name, ANTLR3_BASE_RECOGNIZER_struct::state, and ANTLR3_EXCEPTION_struct::type.
.PP
Referenced by antlr3TreeParserNewStream().
.SS "ANTLR3_API \fBpANTLR3_TREE_PARSER\fP antlr3TreeParserNewStream (\fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP sizeHint, \fBpANTLR3_COMMON_TREE_NODE_STREAM\fP ctnstream, \fBpANTLR3_RECOGNIZER_SHARED_STATE\fP state)"
.PP

.PP
Allocate tree parser memory 
.PP
References ANTLR3_MALLOC, ANTLR3_TYPE_PARSER, ANTLR3_TYPE_TREE_PARSER, antlr3BaseRecognizerNew(), antlr3MTNExceptionNew(), ANTLR3_BASE_RECOGNIZER_struct::exConstruct, ANTLR3_TREE_PARSER_struct::free, freeParser(), getCurrentInputSymbol(), ANTLR3_BASE_RECOGNIZER_struct::getCurrentInputSymbol, getMissingSymbol(), ANTLR3_BASE_RECOGNIZER_struct::getMissingSymbol, getTreeNodeStream(), ANTLR3_TREE_PARSER_struct::getTreeNodeStream, mismatch(), ANTLR3_BASE_RECOGNIZER_struct::mismatch, ANTLR3_TREE_PARSER_struct::rec, setTreeNodeStream(), ANTLR3_TREE_PARSER_struct::setTreeNodeStream, ANTLR3_BASE_RECOGNIZER_struct::super, and ANTLR3_BASE_RECOGNIZER_struct::type.
.SS "static void freeParser (\fBpANTLR3_TREE_PARSER\fP parser)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
References ANTLR3_FREE, ANTLR3_RECOGNIZER_SHARED_STATE_struct::following, ANTLR3_BASE_RECOGNIZER_struct::free, ANTLR3_STACK_struct::free, ANTLR3_TREE_PARSER_struct::rec, and ANTLR3_BASE_RECOGNIZER_struct::state.
.SS "static void * getCurrentInputSymbol (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_RECOGNIZER\fP recognizer, \fBpANTLR3_INT_STREAM\fP istream)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
References ANTLR3_TREE_NODE_STREAM_struct::_LT, ANTLR3_TREE_NODE_STREAM_struct::ctns, and ANTLR3_INT_STREAM_struct::super.
.SS "static void * getMissingSymbol (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_RECOGNIZER\fP recognizer, \fBpANTLR3_INT_STREAM\fP istream, \fBpANTLR3_EXCEPTION\fP e, \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP expectedTokenType, \fBpANTLR3_BITSET_LIST\fP follow)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
References ANTLR3_TREE_NODE_STREAM_struct::_LT, ANTLR3_STRING_struct::append8, ANTLR3_COMMON_TREE_struct::baseTree, ANTLR3_TREE_NODE_STREAM_struct::ctns, ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::dupNode, ANTLR3_COMMON_TREE_NODE_STREAM_struct::EOF_NODE, ANTLR3_COMMON_TOKEN_struct::getText, ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::getToken, ANTLR3_COMMON_TOKEN_struct::setText8, ANTLR3_BASE_RECOGNIZER_struct::state, ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::super, ANTLR3_INT_STREAM_struct::super, and ANTLR3_RECOGNIZER_SHARED_STATE_struct::tokenNames.
.SS "static \fBpANTLR3_COMMON_TREE_NODE_STREAM\fP getTreeNodeStream (\fBpANTLR3_TREE_PARSER\fP parser)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Return a pointer to the input stream. 
.PP
References ANTLR3_TREE_PARSER_struct::ctnstream.
.PP
Referenced by antlr3TreeParserNewStream().
.SS "static void mismatch (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_RECOGNIZER\fP recognizer, \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP ttype, \fBpANTLR3_BITSET_LIST\fP follow)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Override for standard base recognizer mismatch function as we have DOWN/UP nodes in the stream that have no line info, plus we want to alter the exception type. 
.PP
References ANTLR3_BASE_RECOGNIZER_struct::exConstruct, and ANTLR3_BASE_RECOGNIZER_struct::recoverFromMismatchedToken.
.SS "static void setTreeNodeStream (\fBpANTLR3_TREE_PARSER\fP parser, \fBpANTLR3_COMMON_TREE_NODE_STREAM\fP input)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Set the input stream and reset the parser. 
.PP
References ANTLR3_TREE_PARSER_struct::ctnstream, ANTLR3_TREE_PARSER_struct::rec, ANTLR3_COMMON_TREE_NODE_STREAM_struct::reset, and ANTLR3_BASE_RECOGNIZER_struct::reset.
.PP
Referenced by antlr3TreeParserNewStream().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ANTLR3C from the source code.
