.TH "src/antlr3basetree.c" 3 "29 Nov 2010" "Version 3.3" "ANTLR3C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
src/antlr3basetree.c \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <antlr3basetree.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBaddChild\fP (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP tree, \fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP child)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBaddChildren\fP (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP tree, \fBpANTLR3_LIST\fP kids)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdd all elements of the supplied list as children of this node. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "ANTLR3_API \fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP \fBantlr3BaseTreeNew\fP (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP tree)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void * \fBdeleteChild\fP (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP tree, \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP i)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void * \fBdupTree\fP (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP tree)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBfreshenPACIndexes\fP (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP tree, \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP offset)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the parent and child indexes for some of the children of the supplied tree, starting with the child at the supplied index. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBfreshenPACIndexesAll\fP (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP tree)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the parent and child indexes for all children of the supplied tree. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP \fBgetCharPositionInLine\fP (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP tree)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void * \fBgetChild\fP (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP tree, \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP i)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP \fBgetChildCount\fP (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP tree)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP \fBgetFirstChildWithType\fP (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP tree, \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP type)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP \fBgetLine\fP (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP tree)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBreplaceChildren\fP (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP parent, \fBANTLR3_INT32\fP startChildIndex, \fBANTLR3_INT32\fP stopChildIndex, \fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP newTree)"
.br
.RI "\fIDelete children from start to stop and replace with t even if t is a list (nil-root tree). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBsetChild\fP (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP tree, \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP i, void *child)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBpANTLR3_STRING\fP \fBtoStringTree\fP (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP tree)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void addChild (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP tree, \fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP child)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
References ANTLR3_VECTOR_struct::add, ANTLR3_CDECL, ANTLR3_FPRINTF, ANTLR3_TRUE, ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::children, ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::createChildrenList, ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::free, freshenPACIndexesAll(), ANTLR3_VECTOR_struct::get, ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::isNilNode, and ANTLR3_VECTOR_struct::size.
.PP
Referenced by antlr3BaseTreeAdaptorInit(), antlr3BaseTreeNew(), and antlr3DebugListenerNew().
.SS "static void addChildren (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP tree, \fBpANTLR3_LIST\fP kids)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Add all elements of the supplied list as children of this node. 
.PP
References ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::addChild, ANTLR3_LIST_struct::get, and ANTLR3_LIST_struct::size.
.PP
Referenced by antlr3BaseTreeNew().
.SS "ANTLR3_API \fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP antlr3BaseTreeNew (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP tree)"
.PP
References addChild(), ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::addChild, addChildren(), ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::addChildren, ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::children, deleteChild(), ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::deleteChild, dupTree(), ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::dupTree, freshenPACIndexes(), ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::freshenPACIndexes, freshenPACIndexesAll(), ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::freshenPACIndexesAll, getCharPositionInLine(), ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::getCharPositionInLine, getChild(), ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::getChild, getChildCount(), ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::getChildCount, getFirstChildWithType(), ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::getFirstChildWithType, getLine(), ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::getLine, replaceChildren(), ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::replaceChildren, setChild(), ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::setChild, ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::strFactory, toStringTree(), and ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::toStringTree.
.PP
Referenced by antlr3SetCTAPI().
.SS "static void * deleteChild (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP tree, \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP i)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
References ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::children, and ANTLR3_VECTOR_struct::remove.
.PP
Referenced by ANTLR3_TREE_ADAPTORNew(), and antlr3BaseTreeNew().
.SS "static void * dupTree (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP tree)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
References ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::addChild, ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::children, ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::dupNode, ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::dupTree, ANTLR3_VECTOR_struct::get, and ANTLR3_VECTOR_struct::size.
.PP
Referenced by antlr3BaseTreeAdaptorInit(), antlr3BaseTreeNew(), antlr3RewriteRuleSubtreeStreamNewAE(), antlr3RewriteRuleSubtreeStreamNewAEE(), and antlr3RewriteRuleSubtreeStreamNewAEV().
.SS "static void freshenPACIndexes (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP tree, \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP offset)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Set the parent and child indexes for some of the children of the supplied tree, starting with the child at the supplied index. 
.PP
References ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::getChild, ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::getChildCount, ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::setChildIndex, and ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::setParent.
.PP
Referenced by antlr3BaseTreeNew().
.SS "static void freshenPACIndexesAll (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP tree)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Set the parent and child indexes for all children of the supplied tree. 
.PP
References ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::freshenPACIndexes.
.PP
Referenced by addChild(), and antlr3BaseTreeNew().
.SS "static \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP getCharPositionInLine (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP tree)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Referenced by antlr3BaseTreeNew(), antlr3LexerNew(), antlr3RecognitionExceptionNew(), antlr3SetCTAPI(), and antlr3SetTokenAPI().
.SS "static void * getChild (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP tree, \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP i)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
References ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::children, ANTLR3_VECTOR_struct::get, and ANTLR3_VECTOR_struct::size.
.PP
Referenced by ANTLR3_TREE_ADAPTORNew(), antlr3BaseTreeAdaptorInit(), and antlr3BaseTreeNew().
.SS "static \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP getChildCount (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP tree)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
References ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::children, and ANTLR3_VECTOR_struct::size.
.PP
Referenced by ANTLR3_TREE_ADAPTORNew(), antlr3BaseTreeAdaptorInit(), and antlr3BaseTreeNew().
.SS "static \fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP getFirstChildWithType (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP tree, \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP type)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
References ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::children, ANTLR3_VECTOR_struct::get, ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::getType, and ANTLR3_VECTOR_struct::size.
.PP
Referenced by antlr3BaseTreeNew().
.SS "static \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP getLine (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP tree)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Referenced by antlr3BaseTreeNew(), antlr3LexerNew(), antlr3RecognitionExceptionNew(), antlr3SetCTAPI(), and antlr3SetTokenAPI().
.SS "static void replaceChildren (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP parent, \fBANTLR3_INT32\fP startChildIndex, \fBANTLR3_INT32\fP stopChildIndex, \fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP newTree)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Delete children from start to stop and replace with t even if t is a list (nil-root tree). 
.PP
Num of children can increase or decrease. For huge child lists, inserting children can force walking rest of children to set their child index; could be slow. 
.PP
References ANTLR3_VECTOR_struct::add, ANTLR3_FALSE, ANTLR3_FPRINTF, ANTLR3_FREE, ANTLR3_TRUE, antlr3VectorNew(), ANTLR3_STRING_struct::chars, ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::children, ANTLR3_VECTOR_struct::elements, ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::freshenPACIndexes, ANTLR3_VECTOR_struct::get, ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::getText, ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::isNilNode, ANTLR3_VECTOR_struct::remove, ANTLR3_VECTOR_struct::set, ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::setChildIndex, ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::setParent, and ANTLR3_VECTOR_struct::size.
.PP
Referenced by ANTLR3_TREE_ADAPTORNew(), antlr3BaseTreeNew(), and antlr3TreeNodeStreamNew().
.SS "static void setChild (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP tree, \fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP i, void * child)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
References ANTLR3_FALSE, ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::children, ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::createChildrenList, and ANTLR3_VECTOR_struct::set.
.PP
Referenced by ANTLR3_TREE_ADAPTORNew(), and antlr3BaseTreeNew().
.SS "static \fBpANTLR3_STRING\fP toStringTree (\fBpANTLR3_BASE_TREE\fP tree)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
References ANTLR3_FALSE, ANTLR3_STRING_struct::append8, ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::children, ANTLR3_VECTOR_struct::get, ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::isNilNode, ANTLR3_STRING_FACTORY_struct::newRaw, ANTLR3_VECTOR_struct::size, ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::strFactory, ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::toString, and ANTLR3_BASE_TREE_struct::toStringTree.
.PP
Referenced by antlr3BaseTreeNew().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ANTLR3C from the source code.
