.TH "include/antlr3intstream.h" 3 "29 Nov 2010" "Version 3.3" "ANTLR3C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
include/antlr3intstream.h \- 
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Defines the the class interface for an antlr3 INTSTREAM. 

Certain functionality (such as DFAs for instance) abstract the stream of tokens or characters in to a steam of integers. Hence this structure should be included in any stream that is able to provide the output as a stream of integers (which is anything basically.
.PP
There are no specific implementations of the methods in this interface in general. Though for purposes of casting and so on, it may be necesssary to implement a function with the signature in this interface which abstracts the base immplementation. In essence though the base stream provides a pointer to this interface, within which it installs its normal \fBmatch()\fP functions and so on. Interaces such as DFA are then passed the pANTLR3_INT_STREAM and can treat any input as an int stream.
.PP
For instance, a lexer implements a pANTLR3_BASE_RECOGNIZER, within which there is a pANTLR3_INT_STREAM. However, a pANTLR3_INPUT_STREAM also provides a pANTLR3_INT_STREAM, which it has constructed from it's normal interface when it was created. This is then pointed at by the pANTLR_BASE_RECOGNIZER when it is intialized with a pANTLR3_INPUT_STREAM.
.PP
Similarly if a pANTLR3_BASE_RECOGNIZER is initialized with a pANTLR3_TOKEN_STREAM, then the pANTLR3_INT_STREAM is taken from the pANTLR3_TOKEN_STREAM.
.PP
If a pANTLR3_BASE_RECOGNIZER is initialized with a pANTLR3_TREENODE_STREAM, then guess where the pANTLR3_INT_STREAM comes from?
.PP
Note that because the context pointer points to the actual interface structure that is providing the ANTLR3_INT_STREAM it is defined as a (void *) in this interface. There is no direct implementation of an ANTLR3_INT_STREAM (unless someone did not understand what I was doing here =;?P 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <antlr3defs.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <antlr3commontoken.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBANTLR3_INT_STREAM_struct\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBANTLR3_CHARSTREAM\fP   0x0001"
.br
.RI "\fIType indicator for a character stream. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBANTLR3_COMMONTREENODE\fP   0x0004"
.br
.RI "\fIType indicator for a common tree node stream. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBANTLR3_INPUT_MASK\fP   0x0007"
.br
.RI "\fIType mask for input stream so we can switch in the above types. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBANTLR3_TOKENSTREAM\fP   0x0002"
.br
.RI "\fIType indicator for a Token stream. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_INT_STREAM_struct\fP \fBANTLR3_INT_STREAM\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define ANTLR3_CHARSTREAM   0x0001"
.PP
Type indicator for a character stream. 
.PP
\fBRemarks:\fP
.RS 4
if a custom stream is created but it can be treated as a char stream, then you may OR in this value to your type indicator 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Referenced by antlr3GenericSetupStream(), and antlr3RecognitionExceptionNew().
.SS "#define ANTLR3_COMMONTREENODE   0x0004"
.PP
Type indicator for a common tree node stream. 
.PP
\fBRemarks:\fP
.RS 4
if a custom stream is created but it can be treated as a common tree node stream, then you may OR in this value to your type indicator 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Referenced by antlr3CommonTreeNodeStreamNew(), antlr3CommonTreeNodeStreamNewStream(), and antlr3RecognitionExceptionNew().
.SS "#define ANTLR3_INPUT_MASK   0x0007"
.PP
Type mask for input stream so we can switch in the above types. 
.PP
\fBRemarks:\fP
.RS 4
DO NOT USE 0x0000 as a stream type! 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Referenced by antlr3RecognitionExceptionNew().
.SS "#define ANTLR3_TOKENSTREAM   0x0002"
.PP
Type indicator for a Token stream. 
.PP
\fBRemarks:\fP
.RS 4
if a custom stream is created but it can be treated as a token stream, then you may OR in this value to your type indicator 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Referenced by antlr3CommonTokenStreamNew(), and antlr3RecognitionExceptionNew().
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef struct \fBANTLR3_INT_STREAM_struct\fP
     \fBANTLR3_INT_STREAM\fP"
.PP
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ANTLR3C from the source code.
