.TH "ANTLR3_INT_TRIE_NODE_struct" 3 "29 Nov 2010" "Version 3.3" "ANTLR3C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ANTLR3_INT_TRIE_NODE_struct \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <antlr3collections.h>\fP
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Structure that defines an element/node in an ANTLR3_INT_TRIE. 
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP \fBbitNum\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is the left/right bit index for traversal along the nodes. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpANTLR3_TRIE_ENTRY\fP \fBbuckets\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is the data bucket(s) that the key indexes, which may be NULL. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBANTLR3_INTKEY\fP \fBkey\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is the actual key that the entry represents if it is a terminal node. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBANTLR3_INT_TRIE_NODE_struct\fP * \fBleftN\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to the left node from here when sKey & bitNum = 0. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBANTLR3_INT_TRIE_NODE_struct\fP * \fBrightN\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to the right node from here when sKey & bitNum, = 1. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBANTLR3_UINT32\fP \fBANTLR3_INT_TRIE_NODE_struct::bitNum\fP"
.PP
This is the left/right bit index for traversal along the nodes. 
.PP
Referenced by antlr3IntTrieNew(), freeIntNode(), intTrieAdd(), and intTrieGet().
.SS "\fBpANTLR3_TRIE_ENTRY\fP \fBANTLR3_INT_TRIE_NODE_struct::buckets\fP"
.PP
This is the data bucket(s) that the key indexes, which may be NULL. 
.PP
Referenced by freeIntNode(), intTrieAdd(), and intTrieGet().
.SS "\fBANTLR3_INTKEY\fP \fBANTLR3_INT_TRIE_NODE_struct::key\fP"
.PP
This is the actual key that the entry represents if it is a terminal node. 
.PP
Referenced by intTrieAdd(), and intTrieGet().
.SS "struct \fBANTLR3_INT_TRIE_NODE_struct\fP* \fBANTLR3_INT_TRIE_NODE_struct::leftN\fP\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
Pointer to the left node from here when sKey & bitNum = 0. 
.PP
Referenced by antlr3IntTrieNew(), freeIntNode(), intTrieAdd(), and intTrieGet().
.SS "struct \fBANTLR3_INT_TRIE_NODE_struct\fP* \fBANTLR3_INT_TRIE_NODE_struct::rightN\fP\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
Pointer to the right node from here when sKey & bitNum, = 1. 
.PP
Referenced by antlr3IntTrieNew(), freeIntNode(), intTrieAdd(), and intTrieGet().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ANTLR3C from the source code.
